apps sc: fix harbor backup (#1216)
elastisys/compliantkubernetes-apps: WIP-CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed

- Blackbox exporter now looks at the correct error code for the opensearch-dashboards target

> - Harbor backup is now pointed to the correct service to make backups from
> - Bumped backup-postgres image to use newer postgres version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Harbor backup is now pointed to the correct internal service to make backups from
- Bumped backup-postgres image to use tag `1.2.0`, which includes newer versions of the postgresql client
```
